= Codeplane

Client library and CLI to handle Git repositories on Codeplane.
For more about Codeplane see http://codeplane.com.

== Installation

  gem install codeplane

== Usage

=== Ruby wrapper

First, you'll need to set up your username and API key. You can discover this information by accessing your account at http://codeplane.com/account.

  Codeplane.configure do |config|
    config.username = "john"
    config.api_key = "d09513d5bab641f7ff0b"
  end

Then you can simply instantiate a new Codeplane::Client object.

  cp = Codeplane::Client.new

==== Repositories

List repositories you have access:

  cp.repositories.all

Create new repository:

  myrepo = cp.repositories.build(:name => "myrepo")
  myrepo.save

  # or

  myrepo = cp.repositories.create(:name => "myrepo")

Destroy a repository <b>created by you</b>:

  myrepo.destroy if myrepo.mine?

==== SSH public keys

List SSH public keys:

  cp.public_keys.all

Add a new public key:

  mykey = cp.public_keys.build(:name => "Macbook")
  mykey.save

  # or

  mykey = cp.public_keys.create(:name => "Macbook")

Destroy a public key:

  mykey.destroy

==== Collaborators

List collaborators:

  users = myrepo.collaborators.all

Invite new collaborators:

  myrepo.collaborators.invite("john@doe.com")

Revoke permissions on a repository:

  myrepo.collaborators.remove(users.first.email)

=== Command-line

The +codeplane+ gem also comes with a command line.

  $ codeplane help

You can use it to manage repositories, SSH public keys and collaborators.

First, you have to set up your credentials. Just run <tt>codeplane setup</tt> and
follow the on-screen instructions.

==== Repositories

  # List repositories
  $ codeplane repo
  some-repo     => git@codeplane.com:john/some-repo.git
  server-confs  => git@codeplane.com:john/server-confs.git
  app           => git@codeplane.com:mary/server-confs.git

  # Show info about repository
  $ codeplane repo:info some-repo
  Name: some-repo
  Git url: git@codeplane.com:john/some-repo.git
  Usage: 1.5MB

  # Create a new repository called `my-new-repo`
  $ codeplane repo:create my-new-repo
  Your clone uri is git@codeplane.com:john/my-new-repo.git
  Give it some time before cloning it.

  # Remove the `my-new-repo` repository
  $ codeplane repo:remove my-new-repo
  OK

==== SSH Public Keys

  # List all public keys
  $ codeplane auth
  example.com    # ba:b2:51:45:68:68:d8:2c:11:02:c8:0c:6b:07:3c:00

  # Add a new public key (~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub) named "Macbook"
  $ codeplane auth:add Macbook ~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub
  Your SSH public key 'Macbook' was added

  # Remove a public key. You need to provide the id
  # returned by `codeplane ssh`.
  $ codeplane auth:remove Macbook
  The SSH key 'Macbook' has been removed

==== Collaborators

  # List all collaborators on a given repository
  $ codeplane user some-repo
  Mary Doe    # mary@doe.com
  Tim Doe     # time@doe.com

  # Add new collaborator
  $ codeplane user:add some-repo paul@doe.com
  We sent an invitation to paul@doe.com

  # Remove collaborator
  $ codeplane user:add some-repo paul@doe.com
  We revoked paul@doe.com permissions on 'some-repo'

== Maintainer

* Codeplane (http://codeplane.com)

== License

(The MIT License)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
